Move maintainer guidelines to MAINTAINERS document (#13696)
python/typeshed: MAINTAINERS.md

Former maintainers who want their access rights restored should open
an issue or mail one of the active maintainers.

## Maintainer guidelines

The process for preparing and submitting changes as outlined
in the [CONTRIBUTING document](./CONTRIBUTING.md) also applies to
maintainers.  This ensures high quality contributions and keeps

> everybody on the same page.  Avoid direct pushes to the repository.

Reviewer: We have a branch protection rule against pushes to main, so "Avoid" is a bit too weak.

```suggestion
everybody on the same page.  Do not make direct pushes to the repository.
```
